{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Meet our Creator and CEO, renowned journalist Talia Smith.  A product of a single-mother household in inner-city Philadelphia, from an early age, Talia grew up, in-and-among various subcultures.  It is through this lens that Talia developed a passion for journalistic storytelling as a means of shining a light on those whose narratives have been overlooked or erased. Talia began writing poetry and novels, based on, and inspired by her surroundings, as well as crafting visual art pieces, that told stories of her own community. \
\
\
\'93When I was little I used to dream I could change what I saw happening in my community\'85 what my neighborhood was going through.  I hated the narrative used to describe my home; what we would now consider to be \'93expected\'94 cultural canon.  My passion, my activism, everything that translates into my journalism, ever since I can remember, came as a reflex out of forced circumstances.  Seeing little-to-no authentic representational viewpoints of Black women in the media, coupled with agenda-based narrative, forced upon the Black community, as a whole, within the news.  That\'92s something I constantly work toward changing\'85 it\'92s definitely one of my top career and life goals. For me, it\'92s more than trying to \'93objectify\'94 the struggle that Black people face.  It is taking action. \
\
We\'92ve been \'93objectified\'94 and \'93commodified\'94 by people who have re-worked our narratives, our culture, to their advantage.  I believe now is the time to place the story, of the culture, back into the hands of the culture.  All of my documentaries are solely dedicated to fighting for this, and only this.  And that is something I am constantly working toward and something I wake up everyday with intent to do.  To Fight.  Fight for my truth, for my communities truth, for any marginalized communities truth.  OUR truth will to be heard.  \'93 - Talia Smith\
\
Coming up without any industry connections, Talia\'92s persistence allowed her to knock-down doors at major news outlets; that were not readily open to her cultural point of view.  Talia\'92s work has appeared in Harper\'92s Bazaar, Cheddar TV, Paper Magazine, Vice, Nylon Magazine, Dazed & Confused, GALORE, The New York Observer,  among many other places.  Talia continues to persevere to ensure the that the culture is represented on increasingly bigger platforms, and that the revolution WILL be televised.  \
\
Talia holds undergraduate degree in journalism from The Arthur L. Carter Institute at New York University and was heavily inspired by a long list of readings by James Baldwin, Audre Lorde and more.  Talia describes her philosophy as a mixture of all her idols Tupac Shakur, Hayao Miyazaki, Will Smith, Frida Kahlo, Sandra Cisneros and strong women, like her mother.}